Description of the different scripts:

1. adc.py

run as follows:
py .\adc.py "hex string here"

Paste the hex string from Vivado tcl console here (all 1024 characters gathered from the BRAM). The script will extract and convert them to decimal values and export them one by one into a text file called "values.txt".


2. adcplot.py

run as follows:

py .\adcplot.py "hex string here"

Paste the hex string as well. This time the script will generate a text file called "voltages.txt" which contain the converted sampled values to voltages (it assumes 0=0V, 1=0.1V, 2=0.2V, ... 15=1.5V). Then it also plots the waveform against time sampled at 200 MHz, and exports the waveform as png file called "waveform_adc.png".


3. adcplot1.py

run as follows:

py .\adcplot1.py "hex string here"

Works same as previous scripts. It also generates the converted voltages into file called "voltages1.txt". It also produces a plot like the previous script, but with a superimposed sine wave similar to the input produced by the function generator (or AFG of the Tektronix scope). The file name is "waveform_plus_synth_sine.png"


4. adcplot2.py

run as follows:

py .\adcplot1.py "hex string here" "tek0001.csv"

Paste string normally as previous but also give location of csv file from the input sine wave plot generated by the oscilloscope. It also generates the converted voltages into file called "voltages2.txt". The script plots the ADC data normally, but superimposes the actual sinewave that was fed into the system. It adjusts the phase so that the two plots fit best. The waveform output is saved to "waveform_plus_real_sine.png".
